Lit Review Notes.md, before:

# Lit Review

## Brief background (2 pages)
- history
- contextualise importance
    - revolutionises daily living, will set new standards for accessibility
    - free up time (ask chatgpt for a list of benefits/how can smart home technologies revolutionise) 
    - if going through history, ensure that it is in reference to the importance of the smarthome, or parallels in significance

## Summary of existing literature (8 pages)
- Smart Environment
- Robotics
- Person tracking
- 3D tracking
- Behaviour monitoring
- ROS - outline and relevance
- Theory and principles behind it, not description

## Literature gaps (3 pages)
lack of computer vision used in homes and home automation
using AI for people tracking, gesture recogniction and behavioural predictive automation - lack of proper foundational knowledge, further innovate

## Problem statement (1 page)
based on literature gaps
summary of what you aim to do and investigate

## Aims and outcomes (1 page)
check canva or notes

# Project Plan

## Methodology and approach
- Decompose the whole project into multiple components
- Explain the functions of each component and how you would tackle each component
    - Tech stack slide?
    - Breakdown of aims and outcomes
        - What I plan to achieve across Thesis A, B and C
            - Later is what I acutally achieved in Thesis A
    - Some of this info is on timeline slide (Canva)

## Timeline for Thesis B and C
- In terms of weeks is enough detail
    - This will highly likely change over time
- Justification of time allocation for each component

## Required training and upskilling identified
- What will I have to learn for the ENTIRE project
    - ROS
    - Yolo
    - AI and Machine Learning
    - etc

# Project Dependent Preparations

## Can the student achieve the aims in the timeline for Thesis B and Thesis C? What progress has been made already?
- Progress
- Roadblocks
- Tech Stack
- Images of demo
- Explaining how demo and tests prove viability of project
    - Able to take 3D camera input and control devices

## Project specific, but may include
- Evidence of some upskilling (new programming languages, software, tools, project-specific knowledge required before taking Thesis Ba)
- Preliminary results 

# Document Presentation
- Report structure and layout
- English skills – spelling, grammar
- Figures
- Clarity of writing
- Citations consistent and correctly formatted

Commit message:

Added page numbers, fixed formatting

Lit Review Notes.md, after:

# Lit Review (12-15 pages)

## Brief background (2 pages)
- history
- contextualise importance
    - revolutionises daily living, will set new standards for accessibility
    - free up time (ask chatgpt for a list of benefits/how can smart home technologies revolutionise) 
    - if going through history, ensure that it is in reference to the importance of the smarthome, or parallels in significance

## Summary of existing literature (8 pages)
- Smart Environment
- Robotics
- Person tracking
- 3D tracking
- Behaviour monitoring
- ROS - outline and relevance
- Theory and principles behind it, not description

## Literature gaps (3 pages)
lack of computer vision used in homes and home automation
using AI for people tracking, gesture recogniction and behavioural predictive automation - lack of proper foundational knowledge, further innovate

## Problem statement (1 page)
based on literature gaps
summary of what you aim to do and investigate

## Aims and outcomes (1 page)
check canva or notes

# Project Plan (5-7 pages)

## Methodology and approach (3 pages)
- Decompose the whole project into multiple components
- Explain the functions of each component and how you would tackle each component
    - Tech stack slide?
    - Breakdown of aims and outcomes
        - What I plan to achieve across Thesis A, B and C
            - Later is what I acutally achieved in Thesis A
    - Some of this info is on timeline slide (Canva)

## Timeline for Thesis B and C (1 page)
- In terms of weeks is enough detail
    - This will highly likely change over time
- Justification of time allocation for each component

## Required training and upskilling identified (2 pages)
- What will I have to learn for the ENTIRE project
    - ROS
    - Yolo
    - AI and Machine Learning
    - etc

# Project Dependent Preparations (1-2 pages)

## Can the student achieve the aims in the timeline for Thesis B and Thesis C? What progress has been made already? (1 Page)
- Progress
- Roadblocks
- Tech Stack
- Images of demo
- Explaining how demo and tests prove viability of project
    - Able to take 3D camera input and control devices

- Project specific, but may include
    - Evidence of some upskilling (new programming languages, software, tools, project-specific knowledge required before taking Thesis Ba)
    - Preliminary results 

## Document Presentation (1 Page)
- Report structure and layout
- English skills – spelling, grammar
- Figures
- Clarity of writing
- Citations consistent and correctly formatted
